hi my name is Hugo and I'm a customer
support agent here at Brother in this
session I'm going to show you how to
scan using your Windows PC to start
you'll need to please document you want
to scan in the feeder or on the flatbed
portion directly on the large glass of
your multifunction center once that's
done on the computer click the start
button and look for all programs or
programs depending on the version of
Windows you use in there you'll be
looking for the brother folder click on
it and look for your current brother
model today I'll be using the MFC 78 40
W to show you the scan in your models
folder you'll be looking for a program
called control center now depending on
the model of your MFC you'll be looking
either at control center - control
center 3 or control center 4 let's open
the control center if you're using
control center for the first time you
open it you'll be prompted with the
window that asks you to choose the mode
select advanced mode and click OK you'll
be looking at a window that looks a lot
like this one make sure you click on the
scan tab at the upper left corner and
here are your four scanning options so
the first option is image image will
scan your picture and will open it in
Microsoft Paint you'll have to manually
save it from there
OCR will scan your your text document as
a file and can be modified on the
computer so instead of scanning an image
it'll convert this image into an
editable text you can then edit it in
Word or WordPad the email option will
scan your document open your default
email program like Outlook or Windows
Live Mail and then attach the scanned
document from there you can enter the
recipient's email address subject and
perhaps a short greeting and then you
can send it out just as you would with
the regular email only this time you've
got your scan as an attachment the file
button is the one I'm gonna use to show
you the scan today and the file button
will scan the document and save it to a
predetermined
folder on your computer so let's go
ahead and do the file scan so just left
click on the option
and here is my file so I can double
click on it to view it so this is the
file I've just scanned and it's now a
PDF document on my computer I can now
move this file around rename it send it
by email it's it's gonna be treated just
as a regular file would be on your
computer one of the powerful features of
control center is that each button can
be configured to your needs
so for example if I want to change it
away a setting is being handled when I
use the file option all you need to do
is right-click and then choose control
center configuration if you're using
control center for you'll be you'll want
to click on button settings instead so
click on that and in here you see all
the options that can be changed for the
way the scanning works so I can choose
to scan in black and white I can lower
the resolution change the file type once
all these settings are to your liking
just click OK so next time you scan
using this option it will use those
settings again and there you go you have
it
we've just scanned a document using your
Windows PC thanks for watching and keep
checking our site for more instructional
videos on how to get the most from your
brother all-in-one